=head1 stylehouse - flying pliers

Steve Eirium <nostrasteve@gmail.com>

=head1 DISCUSSION

Everything typewriter.

New program design, grasping above strings: things in space.
Things express self in a C, a name/fraction/emp/uni pattern
reflected everywhere, giving the edge of all things clarity.

Simplest way to fluid creativity landscape.

Gear for rapidly evolving experiments, inspiration chaser,
art machine.

A is a wave of awareness, bounding activity, draining/hoisting
many C for a J, the usual continual 4d unity of things in a
J, in a J... Vectors. Space ventricles.

The C chunks out the reality you are modelling, joins to
stylehouse/technology compiled into the wall of A etc.

It's going for being a more teachable/arty interpretation of
computation, way to gravitate for progress, future, reuse.

Build the interweb-debris-ray systematic all the way into the cpu
and through into other bits of time. Try to grasp some new reality,
its former, it possibilities and hosting processes in one big
nested wall of music with as much art to it as possible.

Ghost (universal) Travel (joints) Wormhole (space+) pour into one.
It's an entropy motor, abdomin/tractor of all parts, one-many.

Shows dialectic manifold for things genesising ito space, lingo,
the pure maths should slide easily over/into the C.

Shows where tons and tons of little jobs are, since these big inert of
the language's alwayses are presenting this indifferent medium where
new culture can have much self expression to little tangle.

We always build the 4d housing and C (tycsc, the bit) schematics over
and over. Brains do names and fractions, everything needs overthrowing,
or synaptic overloading, T is most that. Instrument spaces.

Imaginative miraculously crafty foam of formulation seeking growth.
An cosmology with code space with style! Full of patterns, folds
leaving you to max out on self. Embryo of possible beingness embeds
over names and fractions (a vector's sphere/index) of 1-9. Patterns.
Leading to coding/design where you craft on the ends of times like
bracken and it networks away sanely. It's new code style! Patterns.

See http://github.com/st3vil/stylehouse for the code.

 * Open issues, feature lumps or explain mess. 
 * Get the code, do the work!

See http://njch.github.io/ somewhere for video intros.

 * Community
 * Should show issues with demo tapes for fishing imagination

See https://www.patreon.com/user?u=2891590 for buck input.

 * For bountying issues
 * Huge invent space fed by real people
 * Severe

Earth urgently needs to plumb the machine language ledgesnted here.

Stylehouse will provide the future to itself, leads immediately to
thousands of 20-100 hour jobs to connect and complete the endless art
typewriter you need to take care of your cosmic power for future.

It's a philosophy, exit babylon strategy maker gear. My languages
thing recursion nativity scene. Hegelish. Shows the archeological
dig situation and future of working with the tools.

Please help. All should be fairly ethnobiograph/study conducive. I
Want to discuss everything with this as the centrifuge, ask away.

=head2 DEPENDENCIES

    sudo apt-get install libmojolicious-perl libyaml-syck-perl libjson-xs-perl libfile-slurp-perl libuuid-perl liblist-moreutils-perl

To put the b (walky talkie, listen/notify networking) on the end of commands, have Mojo::Pg and a database named 's'. g/c/81/UpPg

    sudo dpkg -i sea/libmojo-pg-perl_1.02-1_all.deb

The non-b synapse is rusty, see t/Slt/Follower/6 and around for background
on filesystem... unities should flow on any kind of space, given the set of
lego available. Use Wob for non-b Web?

and /etc/hosts alias for s -> you, or:

    ln -s you:10094 listen

then you can: 

    perl got Web 4 b

serves public/lowcal.html, tape plays if request path = '/'.
Websockets you for-web-tape action via the listen/notify 'Js', see SevWo.
Also writes life/W/$thing tape.

Wants client patchbay, coastal style. Someone would love to build that,
etc, so we should make all these things beautiful examples and so on.

See the tape.

    perl got Zu 4 b     # forks Goh and Goat

Tandem ghost percolation. Wakes up J (mo or pi) by pin.

    perl got Be 4 b      # repl/fork/wander

in ^ enter ' JJ' to run JJ, which should appear on screen...
edit g/c/99/JJ to adjust which isle it's looking at...
just more of that.

To manually Goat (way from g/... to w/way/...) enter 'S' ^
Only load way once unless zapped in on Pin (82)

See 'c/48 Zb' for a non-JJ T initiator if you fall out of your working.

Git stuff. Spread out space, lab edge, fall together the Raft. Show workings.
See how Stable catches up to Black when stable, cv switches/pans between such.
Work has to be included in some kind of unity somewhere, a vector doing:
    u Thing
casually includes thing. A coder traveling trees of code does
    n Thing
And collects all the codes at the w/$isle/Self (up to some Top), which
something might find. u puts in the mind, n puts down on the ground,
the rest of that ground process may lead to it becoming some W thing
the u would use through name resolution. The ground needs tractor for
flinging entropy, reproducing/mapping life.

They are the same but for the shape of the pipe, using a name system.

So aft 'perl got' things mean G.t (main pin) G.cv (fraction) then G.c.$k,
see g/c/5/Run

usu. t cv c sc  isa  cross of matter, everything emerges in name, fraction,
empiricle/maker, universal/meaning.

So C.c.s is a empiricle thing named s, simple point: a string bowl of energy.

All C shaped like arrow, s is central plot point besides name/fraction/otherwise.

The C.c hash (assigns values to names) machine language to create thingness.

The C.sc hash is fact language to create appearance of the reality its taping.

So we chew on two hemispheres of lingo namespace. The emp. C.c tends to
get dropped/rolled over most completely on travelling through a ghost process,
since the usual reflex is a difference in the emp. medium, to output of
diagrams on stylehut. A thing could just produce its own input if it had an other
to be its observer. Real human craft is acoustic expansion of logic. A lot of
self observation and spread out. Sensitising a backflipping point.

So travelling means running the vector, J, which is probably in W space, or doing
the bit of A work, producing osc news feed of its state in the wormhole.

Need to hire people with donated money to make a garden of sense out of this
compost. Highly feasible.

=head2 KNOW YOU WAKE UP SENILE ALL THE TIME

Park a terminal in g/ so you can 'ack Tarp:' to find which file, etc.
These should be generalised, waiting on a better harvester, which is
waiting on a better light cone.

Big chicken/eggings going on all over the place. Hotwiring pin findable way
out of all the g/c/* when a new w/* environ is plugged in should be done.
That wants to go for a generalised The Wormhole For Ghost kind thing, then
it can have all the usual stuff going on like Wormhole suggests.

You should run a Web, Goh, Goat and Whatever all the time, basically.

Goat jams every now and again. Be very wary of unupdating code until someone
nails how its really supposed to be done. Plenty of people can do these
individual articulations really well and join together with this language.

Doing a 'S' at the repl will scan the g/c/* for changes and load them to
w/way/$pin, but that's still a needing-to-load-$pin away from your process,
which may already have $pin loaded and won't see updates.

The Goat -> Goh -> pin-subscribers system instead of 'S' (Sefission) will slot
in new code after its already loaded, but only for Mo c.pin=$pin things,
may want to see any Rw with an ar.J or A.J and include that. See 82.

Periodically do a ' Travel' at the repl if your computers clocks get out of
sync all the time like mine do, also try 'sshfs v: v -o cache=no' or so.

Also is an old old branch of this called 'park', which has a code editor (perl
stylehouse.pl (and pointers to put in the right place))
that sort-of undertands the yaml embedded chunks of code, and the fractioney
ghost pane. And it has nice colours.

Install lm-sensors and put a 'watch sensors' off in the corner somewhere...
Vind will watch this too and pause if your rendering is causing a meltdown.
Rendering done like Tarp with the sc.tism makes canvas to jpeg to PUT back
onto webserver to save somewhere...

=head1 DELIVERABLES

Physical internet, vast intellectual movement towards a perfecting human world.

Recompilable from (freshly blanked by solar flare) transistors in under a month.

Food machine matter/spirit world understandings that wont suddenly all break or
be slavery.

LieSurgery, the typerwriter.

Two tests, Chl and Elt, run like:
    perl got Chl 4 b

etc.

=head1 MISSING PARTS

Is intended to create a lot of visible missing parts, with hope, Banjo Steve,
the stearway to evolution and its tools.

We might as well be moneying people to work on it, buddy. I'm so done for. It's
a recipe for a sudden pyramid off-scheming to many talented others, who craft more
of itself, which is the artform that's yet to wake up. Bucks oughtta get things
done yesterday, by lots of people all at the same time. Interesting. Especially
the first dozen parallel 100 hour jobs. Heaps of nice work incanting magic.
Will make a ghost editor/typewriter/process farmer called LieSurgery, you should
totally get that.

Endless designs for 100 hour inventions is available here at Steve, probably
anyone. Stylehouse will keep your head in good condition when facing design.

IT industry/the culture is hard to evolve/wind otherwise. Getting these rhymes
to float, create waves of this stuff that we need to see, see the things about
it and keep evolving or else!

Community is built by necessity, it has to be built around what matters.
